{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red233\green58\blue28;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl487\sa720\qj

\f0\fs38 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Crispy Sweet Potato Roast with Herbed Coconut Cr\'e8me Fra\'eeche
\f1\fs30 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl487\sa720\qj
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(adapted from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/336976/crispy-potato-roast"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Martha Stewart}} via {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://smittenkitchen.com/blog/2011/04/crispy-potato-roast/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Smitten Kitchen}})\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4 lbs of sweet potatoes (approximately 2.5 inches in diameter)\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u8232 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3 tbsp olive oil\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u8232 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1.5 tbsp Vermont Creamery Cultured Butter\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u8232 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1.5 tbsp Vermont Creamery Cultured Butter with Sea Salt & Maple\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u8232 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a few pinches of coarse sea salt\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u8232 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 cup coconut milk\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u8232 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
heaping 1/2 cup of Vermont Creamery Cr\'e8me Fra\'eeche\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u8232 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4 tsp sriracha\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u8232 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1/3 cup fresh cilantro, minced\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Preheat oven to 375\'b0. Melt butters over low heat on the stovetop, then mix together with olive oil and set aside.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Peel sweet potatoes, then slice crosswise as thinly and evenly as possible. (Between 1/8\'94 and 1/16\'94 is ideal.) If you have a mandoline, it will make the task far easier. If not, some patience and meticulous slicing work with a sharp knife will work just fine too.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Brush a healthy coating of the butter and oil mixture over the inside of an 8\'94\'96 9\'94 baking dish or skillet, and sprinkle with a pinch of coarse sea salt. Arrange potatoes in the dish, the brush with the remaining butter and oil and sprinkle with the remaining salt. (A couple healthy pinches works well, but use your best judgment as far as what seems right.)\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Roast potatoes for around 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until the middle of the potatoes are tender and the tops begin to brown and crisp. (They may need more time, depending on how thinly you\'92ve sliced them. Test them with a fork to make sure they\'92re tender in the middle.) Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
While the potatoes are resting, whisk together the coconut milk, cr\'e8me fra\'eeche, and sriracha in a saucepan over medium heat, until just warmed.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pour half of the sauce over top of the potatoes and sprinkle with half of the minced cilantro. Combine the remaining sauce and cilantro and serve alongside the potatoes, for guests to use as needed.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.reclaimingprovincial.com/2013/11/22/crispy-sweet-potato-roast-with-herbed-coconut-creme-fraiche-a-giveaway/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.reclaimingprovincial.com/2013/11/22/crispy-sweet-potato-roast-with-herbed-coconut-creme-fraiche-a-giveaway/}}\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}