{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green42\blue42;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\qj

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Garlic and Anchovy Roasted Lamb Chops  + Sage Browned Butter Sauce\uc0\u8232 Makes 6\
Ingredients:\uc0\u8232 3 garlic cloves, minced\u8232 2 anchovy fillets, minced\u8232 1 teaspoon anchovy oil\u8232 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper\u8232 6 American Lamb Chops, room temperature\u8232 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil\
1/4 cup (1/2stick) unsalted butter\uc0\u8232 10 castelvetrano olives, pitted and chopped\u8232 8 fresh sage leaves\u8232 salt and pepper to taste\
Directions:\uc0\u8232 1. Preheat oven to 375\u730 F.\u8232 2. Place garlic, anchovies, anchovy oil, and black pepper in a small bowl and whisk together.\u8232 3. Lightly season lamb chops with salt and pepper.\u8232 4. Brush garlic-anchovy mixture over each chop, on both sides.\u8232 5. Pour olive oil into a large saut\'e9 pan and place over medium-high heat.\u8232 6. Sear each chop in the pan for 2 to 3 minutes, on each side, and transfer to a roasting pan.\u8232 7. Roast lamb chops for about 13 to 15 minutes for medium-rare, and 15 to 18 minutes for medium doneness. Remove from the oven and allow chops to rest for 5 to 7 minutes.\u8232 8. Using the same pan you used to sear the chops, melt the butter over medium-low heat. Allow butter to cook for 6 to 8 minutes or until butter has melted and begins to foam and brown. Add olives and sage leaves and gently fry for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove mixture from the heat. Season with salt and pepper.\u8232 9. Transfer chops onto a serving dish/platter and pour butter sauce over chops. Serve immediately.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa300\qj
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
** This post is sponsored by The American Lamb Board. Thank you for supporting our sponsors! It helps keep us going! **\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\qj
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa300\qj
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa300\qj
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.spoonforkbacon.com/2015/02/garlic-anchovy-roasted-lamb-chops/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://www.spoonforkbacon.com/2015/02/garlic-anchovy-roasted-lamb-chops/}}}