{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red37\green66\blue151;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green41\blue41;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa638

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa360

\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 1 large, round loaf of uncut sourdough bread\
1/2 cup (1 stick) cold salted butter, cut into 16 slices\
1 cup shredded white cheddar cheese\
1 cup shredded gouda\
1 tablespoon minced rosemary\
1 tablespoon minced sage\
2 garlic cloves, minced\
1/4 cup pomegranate seeds\
Cracked black pepper to taste\
Reynolds Wrap
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'ae
\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Aluminum Foil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa638

\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 DIRECTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Step 1:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with Reynolds Wrap\'ae Aluminum Foil and lightly coat with cooking spray. Set aside.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Step 2:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 With a serrated knife, make diagonal cuts through the loaf of bread in opposite directions (leaving the bottom crust intact), so you have 1-inch pieces exposed all over the bread. Place loaf onto the foil-lined baking sheet and insert pats of butter in the slits throughout the loaf.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Step 3:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Add the remaining ingredients together in a mixing bowl and toss together until well combined. Stuff the cheese mixture evenly throughout the slits in the loaf until all of the mixture has been used and the entire loaf is filled.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Step 4:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Place the loaf in the oven and bake for 25 minutes. Transfer loaf to the broiler and broil for about 1 minute for an extra-toasted top. Remove and allow the bread to sit for 5\'967 minutes before serving.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.spoonforkbacon.com/2015/11/herb-pomegranate-pull-apart-bread/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.spoonforkbacon.com/2015/11/herb-pomegranate-pull-apart-bread/}}\cb1 \
}