{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green42\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red227\green65\blue87;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\qj

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Savory Sausage Strata\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Makes 1 (10\'94 skillet)\
Ingredients:\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 8 ounces breakfast sausage\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1/2 cup diced yellow onion\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 garlic cloves, minced\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 fresh corn kernels from 2 ears of sweet corn\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 12 cherry tomatoes, halved\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 4 ounces baby spinach\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 salt and cracked black pepper to taste\
8 large eggs, well beaten\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1/2 cup heavy cream\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1/2 cup whole milk\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1 tablespoon {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mccormick.com/Grill-Mates/Flavors/Seasoning-Blends/Grill-Mates-Roasted-Garlic-Herb-Seasoning"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 McCormick Grill Mates Roasted Garlic and Herb seasoning}}\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1 teaspoon salt\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 tablespoons usalted butter, softened\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 6 Hawaiian rolls, sliced into 1/2 inch pieces\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1 1/2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese\
1. Pour half of the oil into a large skillet and place over medium-high heat.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2. Add breakfast sausage and saute and crumble for 4 to 5 minutes or until browned and barely cooked through. Pour sausage into a mixing bowl and set aside.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 3. Pour remaining oil into the skillet and return to the heat.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 4. Add onion and garlic and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Add corn and continue to saute for 2 to 3 minutes.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 5. Stir in cherry tomatoes and spinich and cook for 3 to 4 minuts or until tomatoes and spinach wilt. Season with salt and pepper.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 6. Pour mixture over the sausage and toss together until well combined.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 7. Pour eggs, cream, milk, McCormick Grill Mates Roasted Garlic and Herb seasoning, salt, and pepper into a large, shallow dish and beater togeter until well combined.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 8. To assemble: Preheat grill at about 375\uc0\u730 F. Grease a skillet with butter. Dip 1/3 of the slices of bread into the egg mixture and allow slices to soak for 1 minute. Place a single layer of egg soaked bread in the bottom of the skillet and top with 1/2 of the sausage and corn mixture. Sprinkle with \'bd cup of cheese, in an even layer.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 9. Repeat with another layer of egg soaked bread and the remaining sausage and corn mixture. Top with another 1/2 cup of cheese.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 10. Finish the strata with a final layer of egg soaked bread and the remaining cheese.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 11. Cover with foil and place the skillet in the grill and cover with the lid.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 12. Grill strara for 18 to 25 minutes, remove foil and continue to grill for 4 to 6 minutes or until top bubbles and browns. (can place in a broiler to further brown, if desired)\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 13. Remove from the grill and allow strata to cool for at least 10 minutes. Scoop and serve immediately.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.spoonforkbacon.com/2015/06/savory-sausage-strata/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.spoonforkbacon.com/2015/06/savory-sausage-strata/}}}