{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green42\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red227\green65\blue87;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\qj

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sweet Potato Shepherd\'92s Pie\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Serves 8 to 10\
Ingredients:\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and chopped\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 ounces shredded Havarti (about 1 cup loosely packed)\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1 medium egg, lightly beaten\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 salt and pepper to taste\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 
\i \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 filling:
\i0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1 1/2 lbs. (24 ounces) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.americanlamb.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 ground American lamb}}\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1 large shallot, diced\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1 medium turnip, peeled and diced\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 garlic cloves, minced\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 1/2 teaspoons minced tarragon\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 teaspoons minced thyme\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 tablespoons all purpose flour\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2 ears fresh corn kernels\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2/3 cup frozen peas, thawed\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2/3 cup vegetable stock\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 salt and pepper to taste\
Directions:\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1. Preheat oven to 375\uc0\u730 F.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2. For mashed sweet potatoes: Place potatoes into a medium pot, fill with water and bring to a boil. Boil potatoes until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain potatoes into a colander and return back to the pot. Add butter, season with salt and pepper and mash with a potato masher, until smooth and creamy. Fold in the Havarti until just combined and adjust seasonings. Cover and set aside.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 3. For filling: Pour 1 tablespoon oil into a large skillet and place over medium-high heat. Add ground lamb and season with salt and pepper. Saut\'e9 lamb for 4 to 5 minutes or until just browned. Transfer meat into a mixing bowl and drain excess liquid and grease.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 4. Pour remaining oil into the skillet and saut\'e9 turnip over medium-high heat for 4 to 5 minutes. Add shallots and garlic and continue to saut\'e9 for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 5. Return ground lamb to the skillet with herbs and tomato paste and stir mixture together. Until well combined.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 6. Lower heat to medium-low and sprinkle flour over mixture and continue to stir together. Add vegetable stock, stir and allow mixture to slightly thicken. Fold in corn and peas and adjust seasonings.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 7. To assemble: Whisk egg into the mashed and slightly cooled sweet potatoes until fully combined and mixture is light and creamy. Pour filling into a 9\'94x13\'94 baking dish, in an even layer. Top with mashed sweet potatoes, smooth the top and bake for 25 to 30 minutes.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 8. Place pie under broiler for 3 to 4 minutes or until lightly browned. Allow Shepard\'92s pie to cool for 10 minutes before serving.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.spoonforkbacon.com/2014/11/sweet-potato-shepherds-pie/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.spoonforkbacon.com/2014/11/sweet-potato-shepherds-pie/}}}